Set up database connection (#5)
kwizapp/poster-service: README.md

# poster-service

## Database

> **Postgres:** We use the free postgres databse offered by heroku

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Postgres:** We use the free postgres database addon offered by Heroku
```

Author: resolved in ebb3c42

- https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgresql#connecting-in-node-js
- https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/connecting-to-heroku-postgres-databases-from-outside-of-heroku#credentials

## What to do

> - create an `.evn` file with the `.env.template`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- create a `.env` file based on `.env.template`
```

Author: resolved in ebb3c42
